maximum next
from di gennaro I look for proposals
hahaha no to the panda press
the Adriatic stadium double return b pescara series after three years of
purgatorio di castro the company that has returned from 7 consecutive seasons a
training conditions due to injuries and disqualifications. 8 unavailable six
players stopped by the sports judge prefer part
over 11,000 fans in the stands of the Adriatic direction applied to
signor tocchi di roma the technical training of francesco coco from Abruzzo
manoras constants
antonio conte responds with an offensive pair of large numbers and taxis
calaiò and mastronunzio
immediately the pescara dangerous to the eighth minute dictators for mengoni pallotte we
heart it explore plants
in the first half hour we can only see the pescara sansovini receiving
try again from outside the area left around you
but you karabox the head of a cap
really lucky of the Abruzzo striker siena fortuna instead siena
which is seen for the first time at the thirty-eighth
mastronunzio ferrè tested the acrobatics with little effect
look make it go out
after the purple bed, prank for the landlords, carobbio peaches mastronunzio e
ball in the net and siena's advantage the forty-first minute
lectio player of the suspect still offside comes out behind mengoni
that pierces film
in the end of time variation prophecies that's why actors soft ball for
little manor high on the crossbar
still a great opportunity wasted by the pescara
who dances rest under a goal but thanks to the ip mastronunzio network and
recovery and here some immediately try with dictators to even the accounts but it is
good coppola happy diary nando
for a good half hour nothing happens then francesco tries the marco card
verratti from jewels of manoppello 17 years collects a short from the limit
rejected Tuscan opens for is left sansovini hola
geiger 35 I came to pescara - siena
the Abruzzese believe that they put the siena before olive trees under siege
wasting hitting shoulder
then and still berlati you have to illuminate asystel precise I would be cast on
right lane providential deviation of reds under bg
ends with the fishery forward in search of success that does not come to the
adriatico stadium ends 1 a1 between pescara and siena abruzzesi unfortunate but
able to dominate one of the promotion teams
siena cynic takes away a point that will surely be useful in
I continue the championship
the sport of just the virtus destiny of overcoming is a beautiful place
evening text at 8 that this was the match of the evening from one
nice game because
honore points of view a game I look at taking into account a bit of everything here
there was a real public atmosphere football atmosphere
the arbitration just does not have
Incidentally
in any way if I am there I want two teams now
to be the protagonist to say especially the pescara pe cer uscito inhibire
it is a siena that we put ellipse but the taranta is a favorited little bit of
francesco difficulty of the movement
the right reading I saw that when it receives two players
1 vodafone place
the doctor important epidermal and blood document which they are
player watermelon
do you say that strawberry square on the staircase that
home drag the team my desire to smile m was was for a while it moves
from soccer it opens weak even if you arrive on car fb own me June
peoples and cultures of field designs but
direct
pescara
deserves somehow porn because aja tradition and finally now has
a healthy company structure a director from Lucca who
has done a good job in these years experience
and gave the liability ruse bio dddddd to prove its value it could
this is a man
pescara roma is really